When I was 14,
things that happened in the past
started to catch up with me emotionally.
And I felt like everything
that happened in my life was my fault.
I did then try to take my life.
When I was little,
a family friend sexually abused me,
and he continued to do so for many years.
I didn’t tell anyone what was going on.
I didn’t even tell my dad.
I just tried to act normal
—to block it all out.
I remember that Dad looked into lots
of different religions
while I was growing up.
Then one day Jehovah’s Witnesses
knocked on our door.
Their sincerity was very evident.
They were clearly interested
in us as people and were sincerely offering
for us to get to know Jehovah and the Bible.
Learning from the Bible that God says
that he will take my right hand,
that he will fortify me,
that he will really help me
—it blew me away!
When I went to a Kingdom Hall,
I could feel the love
and sincerity and warmth
of everyone in there right away,
and it put me at ease.
Jehovah has done so much for me personally.
I want to help as many people benefit
from that same relationship with our God.
For the last 12 years,
I’ve been doing
full-time Bible education work.
Of course, my life is not perfect.
I still struggle from time to time,
especially with negative thinking
and emotions.
Sometimes I need to get up and do something,
do some physical activity.
Sometimes when I have
the memories coming back,
it’s like I’m watching a bad movie,
and somehow I need to change the channel.
I like to pray down at the beach.
It makes me feel very close to Jehovah.
Coming to know Jehovah has given my life
meaning and purpose.
I remember learning the promise from God.
He says that ‘I’m making all things new’
and that ‘these things
will not come up into the heart
nor will they come up into the mind.’
I can’t wait for that time,
and I’m so grateful for that promise.